These are dividends for Ye Qiu
Right.
Otherwise, he cheated me of so much money before.
I can still give him more money
You said you were telling me the truth
Did he gamble again?
Otherwise, how would you make so much money?
You really misunderstood him this time.
He helped me get the snacks from the factory.
It was packaged into a Chinese New Year gift box and sold.
These 5 days, no.
Just one day helped me make 1.40 million
Earn 1.40 million day
Yeah, I promised to give him a dividend
This 700,000
He earned it all with his hands
Shuang
300,000 me take it
Take the rest back
I owe you so much
And charge you so much money?
How could I be embarrassed?
You have a conscience
The previous bet?
Although you won
But I can't really give you the company.
I'll give you 20% of the company
It has been transferred to your name.
So what?
You are now also the owner of Summer Foods
This 700,000 you keep it
Honey, I really changed
Next I will use my own hands
Let you and your daughter have a good life
I don't believe it.
You've said that many times.
Mr. Yi
Mr. Sun
Hello
I heard Xiaoshuang tell me
You made over a million with 5 naives
Business genius
I am so impressed.
Mr. Sun, our bet